README.md, before:

Please go to [wiki page](https://github.com/xebia-france/xwhois/wiki).

### Overview ###

--


### Technical stack ###

- templates : Jade (http://jade-lang.com/)
- styles : Sass (http://sass-lang.com/), Bourbon (Neat, Bitters) (http://bourbon.io/)
- mvw fmk : AngularJs (https://angularjs.org/)
- routes : ngRouteSegment (http://angular-route-segment.com/)
- build : coffee (http://coffeescript.org/), gulp (http://gulpjs.com/)
- tests : Jasmine (http://jasmine.github.io/), Karma (http://karma-runner.github.io/0.12/index.html), Chai (http://chaijs.com/), Mocha
- database: MongoDB


### Launch ###

On a linux machine:

```
$ npm install
$ npm install --global gulp
$ docker run --name=xwhois-mongo --detach --publish=27017:27017 mongo
$ gulp && CONFLUENCE_HOSTNAME=<hostname> CONFLUENCE_USER=<user> CONFLUENCE_PASSWORD=<password> CONFLUENCE_RESOURCE_ID=<trombinoscipePageId> node server.js
```

On a OS X machine:

```
$ npm install
$ npm install --global gulp
$ boot2docker up
$ $(boot2docker shellinit)
$ docker run --name=xwhois-mongo --detach --publish=27017:27017 mongo
$ VBoxManage controlvm "boot2docker-vm" natpf1 "tcp-port27017,tcp,,27017,,27017"
$ gulp && CONFLUENCE_HOSTNAME=<hostname> CONFLUENCE_USER=<user> CONFLUENCE_PASSWORD=<password> CONFLUENCE_RESOURCE_ID=<trombinoscipePageId> node server.js
```

Then go to [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081)


### Tests ###

```
$ gulp test
$ gulp test:mocha
```

For tests driven development :

```
$ gulp test:loop
```


### Routes ###

File 'src/app/conf/routes.yml' contains all routes.

Each root route contains one template that will be injected in the '<... app-view-segment="0">' dom element.
Each sub-route template will be injected in a 'app-view-segment="1"' dom element found in the root template.
Etc.

Commit message:

ability to launch server with a local test db

README.md, after:

Please go to [wiki page](https://github.com/xebia-france/xwhois/wiki).

### Overview ###

--


### Technical stack ###

- templates : Jade (http://jade-lang.com/)
- styles : Sass (http://sass-lang.com/), Bourbon (Neat, Bitters) (http://bourbon.io/)
- mvw fmk : AngularJs (https://angularjs.org/)
- routes : ngRouteSegment (http://angular-route-segment.com/)
- build : coffee (http://coffeescript.org/), gulp (http://gulpjs.com/)
- tests : Jasmine (http://jasmine.github.io/), Karma (http://karma-runner.github.io/0.12/index.html), Chai (http://chaijs.com/), Mocha
- database: MongoDB


### Launch ###

On a linux machine:

```
$ npm install
$ npm install --global gulp
$ docker run --name=xwhois-mongo --detach --publish=27017:27017 mongo
$ gulp && CONFLUENCE_HOSTNAME=<hostname> CONFLUENCE_USER=<user> CONFLUENCE_PASSWORD=<password> CONFLUENCE_RESOURCE_ID=<trombinoscipePageId> node server.js
or
$ gulp && TESTDB=true node server.js
```

On a OS X machine:

```
$ npm install
$ npm install --global gulp
$ boot2docker up
$ $(boot2docker shellinit)
$ docker run --name=xwhois-mongo --detach --publish=27017:27017 mongo
$ VBoxManage controlvm "boot2docker-vm" natpf1 "tcp-port27017,tcp,,27017,,27017"
$ gulp && CONFLUENCE_HOSTNAME=<hostname> CONFLUENCE_USER=<user> CONFLUENCE_PASSWORD=<password> CONFLUENCE_RESOURCE_ID=<trombinoscipePageId> node server.js
or
$ gulp && TESTDB=true node server.js
```

Then go to [http://localhost:8081](http://localhost:8081)


### Tests ###

```
$ gulp test
$ gulp test:mocha
```

For tests driven development :

```
$ gulp test:loop
```


### Routes ###

File 'src/app/conf/routes.yml' contains all routes.

Each root route contains one template that will be injected in the '<... app-view-segment="0">' dom element.
Each sub-route template will be injected in a 'app-view-segment="1"' dom element found in the root template.
Etc.
